>> MITCH MARNER PICKED UP AN
ASSIST ON KADRI'S 20TH. HE IS
NOW THE LEAGUE LEADER AMONG
WITH 39 POINTS. MAN OUT WITH A
TEAM-HIGH 12 MULTI-POINT GAMES
THIS SEASON. TORONTO'S ROOKIES
HAVE 175 POINTS SO FAR THIS
YEAR, THAT'S THE MOST IN THE
NHL. WELCOME TO SPORTSCENTRE,
EVERYONE. KATE ALONGSIDE
NATASHA. UNFORTUNATELY FOR THE
FLAMES, THEY LOOKED LIKE THEY
HAD A LITTLE MOMENTUM LATELY,
AND NOW THEY LOOK LIKE THEY
ARE REELING ONCE AGAIN. ON THE
FLIP SIDE, TORONTO SNAPPING
THEIR MINI SLIDE, AND GOOD FOR
THEM TO PICK UP A MONSTER WIN
AT HOME BECAUSE WE KNOW THEY
ARE GREAT ON THE ROAD BUT THEY
HAVE STRUGGLED AT TIMES AT THE
AIR CANADA CENTRE.
>> THEY LOOKED REALLY GOOD ON
MONDAY. AND CALGARY SUDDENLY
REELING. 7-3 TO THE OILERS ON
SATURDAY AND SHUT OUT THE
ONE-GAME LETTER. MUCH MORE ON
THIS ONE. WITH GLENN SCHIILER
AND THE PANEL.
>> GLENN: THANK YOU. ALONGSIDE
DAVE POULIN, JEFF O'NEILL AND
BOB MACKENZIE. MUCH LIKE HIS
TEAM, WHAT A DIFFERENCE A YEAR
MAKES FOR NAZEM KADRI.
REMEMBER THE STRETCH LAST YEAR
AT THE BEGINNING, ONE GOAL IN
19 GAMES, JUST SNAKE PIT. BUT
NOW UP TO 20 GOALS, HIS SHOTS
FINDING THE NET.
>> HE HAS ONLY BECOME A
COMPLETE PLAYER FOR THE
TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS. DOING IT
AT ALL ENDS OF THE RINK,
DIFFERENT STAGES OF THE HOCKEY
GAME. TONIGHT I GAVE HIM PROPS
FOR SCORING INSIGHT ARE NOT
OUTSIDE THE DOTS BEFORE HIS
GOALS. WHAT THE SEASON TO HAVE
20 IN THE BAG. WITH A LOT LEFT,
THE REST IS GREATLY. NO REASON
WHY CAN'T GET 30, 35 GOALS FOR
THE LEAFS.
>> MEANWHILE, YOU DON'T OFTEN
SEE JOHNNY HOCKEY GET A BODY
CHECK BUT HE TOOK A LICKING A
COUPLE OF TIMES THIS GAME. THE
BIG GAME WITH LEO KOMAROV
RUNNING HIM OVER. THE FLAMES
WANTED A HEADSHOT. HOW WILL
THE LEAGUE REVIEW THIS?
>> MY ESTEEMED PANEL COLLEAGUE
HERE JEFF O'NEILL SAID AS SOON
AS HAPPENED, THAT WAS A CLEAN
BUT VIOLENT HIT, AND I'D BE
SURPRISED IF THE LEAGUE SAW IT
ANY OTHER WAY THAN THAT. IT
WAS NOT A CHARGE, NOT AN
ELBOW, NO WATCHING INVOLVED.
WAS THE CONTACT OF THE HEAD?
ABSOLUTELY, THERE WAS. BUT I
BELIEVE THE LEAGUE WOULD SAY
THIS IS UNAVOIDABLE CONTACT TO
THE HEAD. A SMALLER PLAYER ON
IT ALL A PLAYER. THERE WAS
BODY ON BODY CONTACT. THE HEAD
CONTACT WAS INCIDENTAL, AND
WHILE IT WAS A VERY VIOLENT
HIT AND LOOKED FOR A MOMENT AS
IF JOHNNY GAUDREAU MIGHT NOT
COME BACK, THE FACT HE CAME
BACK WAS A POSITIVE AND I DO
NOT BELIEVE THERE WILL BE
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCIPLINE. AND AS
WE POINTED OUT IN THE GAME, NO
PENALTY CALL ON THE PLATE SO.